2023-01-08 governance polls (#2519)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/SparkLend Ethereum - Freeze GNO and set Loan-to-Value to Zero Percent - January 08, 2024.md

---
title: SparkLend Ethereum - Freeze GNO and set Loan-to-Value to Zero Percent - January 08, 2024

> summary: Signal your support or opposition to freezing GNO and set LTV to 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Signal your support or opposition to freezing GNO and set Loan-to-Value to Zero Percent
```

**This is a binary vote.**
- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to freezing GNO market and setting its [Loan-to-Value (LTV)](https://docs.aave.com/risk/asset-risk/risk-parameters#loan-to-value) to **zero percent**. Freezing the market disallows new deposits while setting the LTV to 0 prevents new borrows against GNO as collateral without liquidating existing positions.

Please review the discussion [thread](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/spark-spell-proposed-changes/23298) to help inform your position before voting.

## Outcomes

**If the votes for the 'Yes' option exceed the votes for the 'No' option then the following actions will be taken:**

> * This change will be included in an upcoming Executive Vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Phoenix Labs will prepare a Spark spell to include this change on SparkLend Ethereum.
* An upcoming Executive Vote will include a proposal to execute the Spark spell.
```
